# resumeGPT
A project for Hacks for Hackers by MLH.<br>
Based on privateGPT https://github.com/imartinez/privateGPT and GPT4ALL https://gpt4all.io/index.html<br>
The resume part is based on https://github.com/sb2nov/resume/tree/master and inspired by https://github.com/KnlnKS/resume<br>
An AI tool that helps to create custom resumes based on job titles.<br>
[Check out my resume generated by resumeGPT](resumeFolder/resume.pdf)
# Usage
## Add your files
Add your experiences and projects to the folder source_documents.<br>
All files should be added as text files, and use E_ for experiences, P_ for projects.<br>
For the content, it should follow the format<br>
Line 1: Title<br>
Line 2: Location<br>
Line 3: Role(s)<br>
Line 4: Duration<br>
Line 5 and below is the description, each new line will be a new bullet point.<br>
The personal information and awards etc. should be modified directly in the resumeFolder/resume.tex.
## Read the files
Run ingest.py, it can take up to a few minutes to read them.
## Generate the resume
Run resumeGPT.py, and input the job title when prompted.
After it finished running, your new resume is ready!
# How it works
The main structure of the code is based on privateGPT. I mainly modified the part when the model produce the response. I took advantage of the fact that the model will "cite" which file the response comes from, so I loop through each of those files and add them to the resume.tex file.
# Limitations
The user needs to break each experience and project into a separate text file, which is not very convenient.<br>
To better match the job description, I initially planned to let the AI model modify the description of each experience/project. But due to these smaller models are not very stable in output, I just make them copy directly from the text files.

